feat: add global forward doc (#112)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

Sets the working directory of your development container.

### forward ([string], optional)

You can also declare global forwards that will be used by all dev environments.

> As in `forward` in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded.

Reviewer: Can we document the different formats and add samples here?

Sets the working directory of your development container.

### forward ([string], optional)

> You can also declare global forwards that will be used by all dev environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port forwards activated on any `okteto up` command, independently of the dev container name.
```

> As in `forward` in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded using the notation `localPort:remoteService:remotePort`.

Reviewer: Can link to the `dev.forward` section here

```yaml

> forward:

Reviewer: Let's document the different notations in different samples, like here:
https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/#forward-string-optional

  - 5432:postgres:5432
  - localPort: 27017
    remotePort: 27017
    name: mongodb
```

> The global forwards can be used by each declared development environment and can be used at the same time without any port collisions. 

Reviewer: I would skip the rest and just say that okteto handes these forwards to avoid port collisions if two `okteto up` sessions are running at the same time

Sets the working directory of your development container.

### forward ([string], optional)

Port forwards activated on any `okteto up` command, independently of the dev container name.

As in [forward](#forward-string-optional) in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded using the notation `localPort:remoteService:remotePort`.

```yaml
forward:
  - 5432:postgres:5432
```

You can also indicate the service to expose using a label selector.

```yaml
forward:
  - localPort: 8080
    remotePort: 80
    name: app
  - localPort: 5432
    remotePort: 5432
    labels:
      app: db
```

> Using a global forward, Okteto handles port collision if two `okteto up` sessions are running at the same time.

Reviewer 2: how does Okteto handle the collision?

Author: if a `okteto up` session is already making use of those ports declared in the global forward section and another `okteto up` session runs, the latter will see that they are already allocated (but will be able to make use of them because the forward has already been opened by the previous session) so it will retry (loop) every so often to reopen the forward (in case the initial session terminates).

Reviewer 2: can we include this explanation int he docs? Just saying "handles port collision" is not very useful for our users. We should mention which port takes precedence (I think is the first), and how the ports of the second okteto up will be ignored until the first one is stopped.

Sets the working directory of your development container.

### forward ([string], optional)

> Port forwards activated on any `okteto up` command, independently of the dev container name.

Reviewer 2: What do we mean by this? I'm not sure what the "dev container name" refers to here.

Author: I mean that no matter which service is selected for `okteto up <svc>`, if the manifest sets a global forward, it will be used for any `okteto up` using that manifest.

Reviewer 2: then let's say "global port forwards are always activated, independently of the service you are developing on". 

```suggestion
Global port forwards are always activated, independently of the service you are developing on.
```

> Using a global forward, Okteto handles port collision if two `okteto up` sessions are running at the same time. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When declaring a global forward, Okteto will automatically handle port collision when two or more `okteto up` sessions are running simultaneously. If the`okteto` detects that the port is already in use, and said port is defined as global forward,  `okteto up` will ignore the port collision and continue the `up` sequence. If the port is later available, `okteto` will automatically connect to it without interrupting the session.   This is disabled by default. 
```

Reviewer 2: @pchico83 @jmacelroy @AdrianPedriza what do you think about my explanation here? This one is tricky, i want to make sure is clear for everyone that reads it.

Author: much more accurate but I'm not quite clear what the last sentence (`This is disabled by default`) refers to.

> As in [forward](#forward-string-optional) in dev section, several formats are accepted for this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Global forward uses the same format than [forward](#forward-string-optional):
```

> As in [forward](#forward-string-optional) in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded using the notation `localPort:remoteService:remotePort`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As in [forward](#forward-string-optional) in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded using the `localPort:remoteService:remotePort` notation.
```

> As in [forward](#forward-string-optional) in dev section, several formats are accepted for this, but it is necessary to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded using the `localPort:remoteService:remotePort` notation.

Reviewer 2: I find this confusing. I think we can split this in two paragraphs: one for saying that this uses the same format of the other forward, and a second to talk about the service format?

```yaml
forward:
  - 5432:postgres:5432
  - localPort: 8080
    remotePort: 80
    name: app
```

> As we can see in the examples, in this case we need to indicate the name of the service to be forwarded.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this line. 
```suggestion

```

  - localPort: 8080
    remotePort: 80
    name: app
  - localPort: 5432
    remotePort: 5432
    labels:
      app: db
```

> Using a global forward, Okteto handles port collision if two `okteto up` sessions are running at the same time. 

Reviewer 2: I think should be the first thing in the section, since it explains how this is different from the regular forward

Author: and remove sentence `Port forwards activated on any okteto up command, independently of the dev container name.`? I think they both express the same thing.

Reviewer 2: yeah let's do that.

> When an `okteto up` session is already making use of the ports declared in the global forward section and another `okteto up` session is launched, the latter will see that global ports are already allocated by the previous session so it will keep retrying to reopen the forward (in case the initial session terminates and deallocates the ports).

Reviewer 2: I think we don't need this if we go with my suggestion above. 
```suggestion

```

> When a `okteto up` session is already making use of those ports declared in the global forward section and another `okteto up` session runs, the latter will see that global ports are already allocated by the previous session so it will retry every so often to reopen the forward (in case the initial session terminates and de-allocate ports).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When an `okteto up` session is already making use of the ports declared in the global forward section and another `okteto up` session is launched, the latter will see that global ports are already allocated by the previous session so it will keep retrying to reopen the forward (in case the initial session terminates and deallocates the ports).
```
